website/integrations: Pulse: cleanup (#23145)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/monitoring/pulse/index.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To hide the local login form and show only SSO, set `PULSE_AUTH_HIDE_LOCAL_LOGIN=true` in your environment variables, or enable **Hide local login form** in the Pulse admin UI under **Settings** > **Security** > **Authentication**. You can still access the local login by appending `?show_local=true` to the Pulse URL.
```

1. Log in to authentik as an administrator and open the authentik Admin interface.
2. Navigate to **Applications** > **Applications** and click **New Application** to open the application wizard.

>     - **Application**: provide a descriptive name, an optional group for the type of application, the policy engine mode, and optional UI settings. Note the **slug** value because you will use it when configuring Pulse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Application**: provide a descriptive name, an optional group for the type of application, the policy engine mode, and optional UI settings. Note the **Slug** value because you will use it when configuring Pulse.
```

    - **Issuer URL**: `https://authentik.company/application/o/<application_slug>/`
    - **Client ID**: enter the Client ID from authentik.
    - **Client Secret**: enter the Client Secret from authentik.
    - **Redirect URL**: confirm that Pulse shows `https://pulse.company/api/oidc/callback`. If it shows a different URL, enter `https://pulse.company/api/oidc/callback`.
    - **Logout URL**: `https://authentik.company/application/o/<application_slug>/end-session/`
4. Click **Save**.

### Configure optional OIDC settings

Pulse can also be configured with access restrictions and longer-lived sessions:

- To restrict access, expand **Show advanced OIDC options** and configure **Allowed groups**, **Allowed domains**, or **Allowed email addresses**. authentik includes the user's group names in the `groups` claim of the default `profile` scope.
- To assign Pulse roles from authentik group membership, configure **Group role mappings** as `group=roleId` pairs, for example `pulse-admins=admin`. Group role mappings require Pulse Pro.

> - To enable long-lived sessions, add `offline_access` to **Scopes** in Pulse if you added the `offline_access` scope mapping in authentik. Pulse stores the refresh token with the user's session and invalidates the session if token refresh fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To enable long-lived sessions, add `offline_access` to **Scopes** in Pulse after configuring the `offline_access` scope mapping in authentik. Pulse then stores the refresh token with the user's session and invalidates the session if the token refresh fails.
```
